Now in the last lecture we tried to display the image that was added to the blog post and this is what
we have ended up.
So we found a way to display the proper URL for the image but it doesn't look really well.
You will probably agree with that that it's not really readable.
This is not how modern page should look like.
So now let's play around with Styles a little bit.
So we what we want to achieve is just display this image on the background.
So first since we allow blog post to be submitted without an image we should try and verify if the Post
image is actually set.
If it's not we will display something else.
So let's ask this if statement.
Now if there there is no image we display our normal header but if the reason image will wrap it with
a div element
and this div element will contain some individual style.
So what we want to do is we want to add the background.
So let's are the background to your URL.
Now we'll have to echo post image your url.
So here there will be a background
and also when we close this h1 tag we will also have to check if post contains image.
So normally you will just close this header.
So this extra idea has to go hero
but in case there is an image to be displayed with this we close the H1 element.
But we also have to close the deal element that is basically optional here.
OK.
So maybe let's reformat it like that.
So it's more readable what is happening.
OK.
That's not everything that we will do with style so we display this background as your URL.
But we also want a minimum height of 500 pixels
let's display the text are white to
we want this to be aligned Center and the most important thing is background attachment so we want the
background to stay when people are scrawling.
You will see this effect in a second.
So let's save the changes.
You of course do not really have to retype all those styles and they can be found on the link attached
to this lecture so you can check that out on github.
If you make any mistakes now we'll also need some additional styling for the H1 element.
So first we want padding top to be at least hundred pixels and we also want the text shadow because
this text will now be shown on the background so it has to be visible
so it is one pixel
and the color of the shadow is black.
OK now that's basically everything.
So let's also remove this image tag save the changes.
And now let's see how does it look like
so apparently I've did something wrong when generating the URL.
Let's verify that it's actually not background you URL is background image.
So sorry for that.
That's the correct name of the CSX property.
So save the changes and to refresh.
And this is what we have right now.
And you can see when I am scrolling this background stays in the same place.
So it's a nice effect.
And this is thanks to the background attachment property if you will remove that then you get the defaults
which is something like this.
So now it stays in the same place.
Now let's also check if other blog posts work.
So the older one were that were generated with cedar.
They do not have an image and you can see that.
Now that title is displayed like it was before.
So the default way back to when you have an image you can display it modern way.
And then there is also text shadow.